1. self introduction
2. tell me dome ting sbout u r project 
 A) . high level use of application 
    . domain details
    . tech stack used
    .model we follow(ajail, water fall)

    * currently I am working in AOT, its airport operations technology,
    where it will help to get the reports of airport operations,
    this will be used by people who is working in airport for delta airlines

    its a application moderinization we have built the new app based on legacy.

    Impact created: with the modernization we have reducer 70% of operational cost,
    high scalable application, best user experience & easy to use, zero down time.

    tech stack : angular, ngrx, rxjs, jest , Java quarkus, AWS , dynamo DB

    we are following hybrid ajail model for it.

3. roles & responsibility in your project
   .Architecture: one of my primary responsibilities is  design the application    archirtecture which includes  selection the teck stack, ensure the system is scalable and easy maintainable 

   .Code Quality: I ensure that me & team follow the best coding standards, we do through code reviews & demos 

   . Own Development : I still heavely involved in the developing the complex task and deliver them on time

   . Mentorship and Collaboration
     . I will guide &  mentor the the junior developers, helping them to complete there deliverables on time
     . I actively communicate to the business tem , managers , QA, devops team to ensure the development is smooth 

     .I also conduct the demos 1 day before the sprint end so tht it helps to fill the small gaps between requirements and as=ctual development 

4. explain technical design of your project 
    , we follow tdd -test driven development
    . we have MFE, module fedration
    . 

5.  at last moment of the project delivery the requirement changed so how to answer this question
  A) . first i ll understand the requirement then do the impact analysis and how this ill impact the current system
   then i ll prepare the estimates and have open communication with managers and stakeholders with the details
   once they agreed to do this new requirement then I will have a discussion with team and de scope some of the current work items which ar enot priority and divide new requirements into chunk and assign to the team 
   and carefully moniter the development and masure we are on track and delivered on time

   at last we ll have retrospective seeion to improve or learn from this situtions

6.someone resigned from tem and there is a extra work load on you so how to answer this question
 A)    

     youtube reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1PUw4d0O9M




  





    

